Update bigquery-configs.md (#4802)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs.md

Views with this configuration will be able to select from objects in `project_1.dataset_1` and `project_2.dataset_2`, even when they are located elsewhere and queried by users who do not otherwise have access to `project_1.dataset_1` and `project_2.dataset_2`.

#### Limitations

> Starting in v1.4 `grant_access_to` config _is thread-safe_ however prior to that specifying `grant_access_to` config is not thread-safe when multiple views need to be authorized for the same dataset. The initial `dbt run` operation after a new `grant_access_to` config is added should therefore be executed in a single thread. Subsequent runs using the same configuration will not attempt to re-apply existing access grants, and can make use of multiple threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in v1.4, `grant_access_to` config _is thread-safe_. In earlier versions, it wasn't safe to use multiple threads for authorizing several views at once with `grant_access_to` for the same dataset. Initially, after adding a new `grant_access_to` setting, you can execute `dbt run` in a single thread. Later runs with the same configuration won't repeat the existing access grants and can use multiple threads.
```
